The Bible character, Job, became an outstanding example of integrity while undergoing adversity.
Job chapters one and two make clear that Job series of trials were actually initiated
by Satan the devil himself.
While the devil is not responsible for all the painful or tragic circumstances we face
today, he capitalizes on these in an effort to break our integrity.
We have used the account of Job as a template for a video in a modern-day setting.
Let me introduce you to the family that will be portrayed.
We have named them the banisters.
This is Ethan and his wife Sasha.
They have two boys.
The oldest is Rowan and the youngest Cory.
Ethan's father is Nathaniel.
He now lives alone after the death of his wife, but enjoys spending time with his grandsons.
Next, we will introduce you to Bill.
He is Ethan's brother.
He never got baptized and determined in his late teens that he did not want to be one
of Jehovah's Witnesses.
Many of you have faced serious tragedies in life.
Like Job, you may have dealt with a series of them within a short period of time.
Others of you may have to deal with something similar in the future.
Severe trials are difficult to deal with, and they can emotionally affect even those
with strong faith, as was the case with Job.
Because of a series of trials at the banister family phase, the video is sobering by nature.
But often, so are the realities that we are forced to deal with.
Now please, watch this gripping video, and despite any trial, be determined to keep your
integrity and to hold on to the hope that you have come to cherish.